Jehovah’s Witnesses
are known around the world
for preaching
the good news of the Kingdom.
How is this work
accomplished here in Indonesia?
It is certainly a challenging assignment.
This lifesaving message needs to be brought
to over 250 million people
living on thousands of different islands.
To support this tremendous work,
the Indonesia branch office was relocated
to the 31st floor
of the Central Park building in Jakarta
in April 2014.
A number of apartments
at an adjacent apartment tower
are being used to house the Bethel family,
which has approximately 100 members
that support the work of the branch office.
Each morning they commute to this office,
ready for their work assignments.
We call this place Bethel,
which means “House of God.”
By means of this brief video presentation,
we would like to warmly welcome you
to our branch office and Bethel home
and provide you with an overview
of what is being accomplished here.
Our day always starts
with a morning worship program at 7:20 a.m.
What is being considered?
Every day
an interesting Bible verse is being read,
commented on,
and explained
so as to make its practical value
clear to the Bethel family.
After a closing prayer,
all are ready to start working.
Would you like to know
what the Bethel family is doing?
Let’s have a look at a few
of the activities being done here.
Our receptionist welcomes
our many visitors in the main lobby
and will make arrangements for tours.
Also, all incoming calls are answered here,
and some additional secretarial work
is done whenever time permits.
An ever-growing work at our branch
is related to audio and video recordings.
In addition to Indonesian language material,
in recent years we have started recording
in many indigenous languages as well.
What is being recorded?
A wide variety
of publications in audio format,
as well as convention dramas,
videos, and Web materials.
The process is very involved.
Readers and voice participants
are auditioned,
selected, and coached.
Hours are spent doing the actual recording.
Next, the material
is reviewed and edited
to achieve the best possible quality.
When satisfied, the final product
will be uploaded to jw.org
for the benefit of you
and millions of other people
all around the world.
Producing publications
in many different languages,
whether in electronic or printed format,
requires translation.
Some of this work
is done at our branch office.
The translation process can be challenging,
but it is a very important
and rewarding work.
Teams of translators work hard every day
to keep up
with the steady flow of new material.
They are trained to translate
the English text into Indonesian.
They are also provided
with various research tools.
The English text is also made
available to local language teams
located at remote translation offices,
or RTOs, throughout the country.
It is then translated
into Indonesian Sign Language
and many other local languages.
This entire translation process
can take weeks or even months to complete,
and even then the work is not yet done.
What’s next?
The translated text is now ready
for the composition process,
where a print-ready file is created.
Most of our publications are printed
at the Japan branch office
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Cleanliness is also observed
in the Bethel residences and offices.
Each Bethel family member
is responsible for cleaning their own room.
Housekeepers assist the family by cleaning
each residence room once a month.
Besides the kitchen and laundry operations,
the Bethel Office is responsible
for organizing spiritual programs
and for the overall management
of all branch office properties.
Back at the office,
more work is being accomplished.
Hundreds of letters
and reports from the field
are received on a weekly basis.
Where is this correspondence handled?
Here in the Service Department,
they are responsible to communicate with
and direct the activities in the field.
They also handle the organizing
of various Bible schools,
conventions, assemblies,
and approve the formation
of new congregations and groups.
Interest shown in our Bible educational work
is followed up carefully.
When someone requests
a visit from Jehovah’s Witnesses
by filling out the form
on the jw.org website,
brothers locate
the nearest congregation and inform them
in order to send someone
as soon as possible.
All this work
would be much harder to accomplish
without the use of technology.
Therefore,
a vital part of our operation here
is the Computer Department.
Existing systems
need to be maintained and upgraded.
New equipment is bought and installed
not only at the branch office
but also at satellite locations
and remote translation offices.
As a result of the good news being preached,
there is a growing need
for more dignified places of worship.
The building of such Kingdom Halls
is organized
by the Local Design/Construction Department.
Along with new construction,
the LDC is responsible for overseeing
the renovation and maintenance
of existing Kingdom Halls
as well as maintenance training.
In addition to Kingdom Hall upkeep,
this department is involved
with searching for properties
to be used as RTOs or missionary homes.
Operating our branch office facilities
requires a constant supply of various items.
The Purchasing Department
cares for this responsibility
by managing vendor accounts
and receiving shipments.
These goods are then processed
and sent to the branch facilities
where they are needed.
Some activities need to be handled
administratively and legally.
Who is doing this?
The Governing Body
appoints a Branch Committee,
who in turn receives
the support of office personnel
to see to it that guidelines and instructions
are being implemented appropriately
and in a timely manner.
This includes giving attention to those
in need when natural disasters strike.
The Legal Department
makes sure that all legal requirements
are being fulfilled.
As you have just seen,
much is being accomplished here at Bethel.
And amazingly,
all of this is being accomplished
by volunteers
who have dedicated themselves fully
to support the Kingdom
preaching work here in Indonesia.
We thank you for your visit
and sincerely hope
you will enjoy touring our branch office.